Add proxy server feature (#44)
friendsofgo/killgrave: README.md

- **allow_credentials** (boolean)
  
  Represent the **Access-Control-Allow-Credentials header** you must indicate if true or false
  
## Proxy

> You can use Killgrave with a proxy mode, what does that mean, well you can use the flags `proxy-mode` and `proxy-url` or the configuration file to declare one of these three modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Killgrave with a proxy mode, what it does mean that you can use the flags `proxy-mode` and `proxy-url` or the configuration file to declare one of these three modes:
```

> * none: by default mode, with this mode you don't use any proxy, and the mock server always will looks into the files with `.imp.json` extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* none: by default mode, with this mode you don't use any proxy, and the mock server always will looks into the files with `.imp.json` extension.
```

> * missing: with this mode, the mock server will looks into the files with `.imp.json` extensions but if you call to an endpoint that doesn't exists then the mock server will call to the real server, declaring on the `proxy-url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* missing: with this mode, the mock server will looks into the files with `.imp.json` extension but if you call to an endpoint that doesn't exist then the mock server will call to the real server, declared on the `proxy-url` configuration variable.
```

> * all: the mock server only will call to the real server, declaring on the `proxy-url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* all: the mock server only will call to the real server, declared on the `proxy-url` configuration variable.
```
